General Director
Who's old?
After all
You can't show the child.
This road is yours.
Are you okay?
Oh.
I just helped you, and this is how you repay me.
I'm really sorry, General Wu.
I didn't mean to.
Who told you what to say about me?
What?
You're welcome.
I mean, I'll work hard.
Soon to be the richest man in the world
Become the richest man in the world
Secretary Lam
If you are too busy, share it with others.
Don't do everything yourself.
It's been working so hard lately.
I'll give you a day off tomorrow.
There used to be this time of day for you to go outside and come along, this holiday also calls.
Right?
He's really excited about your first snow.
How is that possible?
I think we have to go back to the snow.
The first snow on my birthday.
Book a private room at Xincan Hotel
Do you have time to arrange it for me?
Okay.
Hi Phuong Minh.
Find a thug to destroy you.
I'll send you the address.
Let everyone wait at the new hotel 201
Then go yourself.
201 Grandfather must have said this room, right?